- For treasurer, this are also occupants. They can see all occupants (finance related only). in the adviser, their should toggle for if treasurer can access maintenance fee (but should still be separated from contribution). in the Contribution page there should have a feature to add contribution fee for all occupants, in that dialog for adding contribution, an optional connection, just by title to an event no hard logic, a deadline, title, and details . this contribution page should list all the current contribution and when a contribution is clicked it will open a subpage where it list all occupants and shows check marks for those who have paid and not, add also a column for remaining payable since they may pay less the contribution or more, add also a button to change the payable since some occupants have differing amounts, add also a pay button. In that specific contribution page, add a receipt sub page in which the user can edit the email, add signature, use AI to create the email, add image to the email like a logo or something, if there are open source email creator use that instead. Back in the contribution page add a pay button (not in individual contribution but a general pay button) in which a dialog will show when clicked, in that dialog multi select contributions is possible, occupant selection, date time, type of payment (gcash or cash), optional receipt, default amount is the total for all selected contributions. If exact amount, make the treasurer choose which of the contributions to put the excess or missing amount, the email of the occupant (so it can be overridden) it should only send the receipt for all the selected contributions in one go meaning it should be appended, show a preview email for confirmation.
- After finishing the whole contribution page, Add also a contribution expenses page. Like in contribution, it is grouped by expenses which is connected to a contribution. Add grouped expense button will open a dialog to add an expense which can be connected to a contribution (by title only). When the expense is clicked, a subpage will open and a list of items bought will show with all important details (do internet research on what should be put in adding an expense for transparency). Add add expense button on that specific grouped expense group, Make sure to do a research on the internet on options to add into the dialog for expenses since I think the current dialog is missing some things.
- On the contribution page add a summary, also on the sub pages. and in the expense page also make sure to add summaries.
- In the report page make sure the connected event-contribution-expense are grouped with detailed report about it, maybe create sub pages for each of the group. And add an overall summary. Make sure to add charts, etc that are relevant to reporting since I will project the page to a projector to present to the occupants.
- All these are in a major group which is per semester, all excess (only excess but create a toggle somewhere if the missing should be pass on the next sem). This major group should only be visible on that sem so if it is not the current sem, don’t show it. Maybe create multi selection on all the pages (including in other roles) to show other sem (make sure if it is not the current sem the finance is now only view cannot be edited unless be overridden (add override in treasurer settings with all the needed functions). Make sure only selected visible semesters for finance are the only one visible (additive, but only in view not added on database).

make sure it is implemented correctly and smartest way possible in efficient way possible having a very good UI/UX. use your browser to see the UI/UX. Note that supabase, vercel, github cli are available. Make sure to do proper gitflow by using gitflow skill, the target is always develop and create sub branches from develop for one whole task and do multiple commits on those branches after do a pr and merge back to develop then create another sub branch if task has multiple task. Use skills always, see [AGENTS.md](http://agents.md/). note that I tried doing the works earlier but got so many hurdles, I think we created many branches and it is now unused. please fix and add eveything. If you found any logical problem or you think you encountered something that is not correct that is unralated to the task, make sure to fix it. Note to make the sub agents read the skills that they need to use and make sure to make them double check and overthink and do their best. Use playwright skill to test UI and in browser.
